TODO
    Home
        Leagues
        Leaderboards
        FAQ (DONE)
        About (DONE)
        already used email address fix (DONE)
    Admin
        updates player scores (DONE)
    User
        team
        Drafting
        league (DONE)
        Fix profile-seperate from admin students & make sure cannot acces other player profiles (DONE)
    Player
        stats breakdown
        player stats page



Advanced Features:
1. Interactivity:  Utilise JavaScript to make your website interactive with the custom generation of pages/routes for users to interact with dynamically.
    Example: Dynamically created profiles for users and players displaying stats for each.
2. Predictive analysis: Offer insights or forecasts using AI.
    Example: Predicting a player's performance based on their past stats and other factors.
3. Leaderboards:
    Example: Leaderboard for players and teams within a league that updates dynamically based on player scores.
4. Customisation: Allow users to customise their experience.


Middleware
    bodyParser to get information etc
    Morgan for logging information of requests

Data use transparency

Data stored as encrypted

Security tutorial

Customisable Security

Minify (Troll)?

POLP

User consent

Different language compatability

Salting??

Other
    Can make most of backend website as soon as I learn to connect different JS files together
    because it will work the same as in the at1 api coding project
    Page to view all players
        Premier league fantasy app viewing team screen
        Different seats for different subjects
        Seats/classroom instead of feild

The program essentially works as a gamified educational motivatior system where:
1. Teachers create player profiles that can be added to league teams
2. Students can join as users and have the option to link to their player profiles
3. Users will create and join leagues, competing against other users
4. Teams are formed through a draft system
5. Academic performance, improvement and effort are converted into points that contribute towards their team
6. Regular updates maintain competition standings within a league
7. Leaderboards and rewards encourage participation and improvement by students in their school career
The system combines educational tracking with competitive gaming elements to create an engaging academic environment.